"To think is to converse with oneself." ~ Unamuno
"The difficulty of enforcing existing copyright and patent laws is already placing in peril the ultimate source of intellectual property - the free exchange of ideas." ~ John Perry Barlow
"I knew it’s also true that a good way to invent the future is to predict it. So I predicted Utopia, hoping to give Liberty a running start before the laws of Moore and Metcalfe delivered up what Ed Snowden now correctly calls 'turn-key totalitarianism.'" ~ John Perry Barlow
"A world that all may enter without privilege or prejudice accorded by race, economic power, military force, or station of birth ... a world where anyone, anywhere may express his or her beliefs, no matter how singular, without fear of being coerced into silence or conformity." ~ John Perry Barlow
"In the abstract one can think of such a phase. In practice, however, he who denies the sharp tasks of to-day in the name of dreams about soft tasks of the future becomes an opportunist" ~ Vladimir Lenin
"Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness." ~ George Orwell
"If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." ~ George Orwell
"To see what is in front of one's nose needs a constant struggle." ~ George Orwell
"Many people genuinely do not wish to be saints, and it is possible that some who achieve or aspire to sainthood have never had much temptation to be human beings." ~ George Orwell
"Pacifism is objectively pro-fascist. This is elementary common sense. If you hamper the war effort of one side, you automatically help out that of the other. Nor is there any real way of remaining outside such a war as the present one. In practice, 'he that is not with me is against me." ~ George Orwell
"Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting." ~ George Orwell
"Speaking the Truth in times of universal deceit is a revolutionary act." ~ George Orwell
"The great enemy of clear language is insincerity." ~ George Orwell
"To see what is in front of one's nose requires a constant struggle." ~ George Orwell
"For a creative writer possession of the truth is less important than emotional sincerity." ~ George Orwell
"Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it." ~ George Orwell
"All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others." ~ George Orwell
"The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it." ~ George Orwell
"An autobiography is only to be trusted when it reveals something disgraceful. A man who gives a good account of himself is probably lying, since any life when viewed from the inside is simply a series of defeats." ~ George Orwell
"Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind." ~ George Orwell
"Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent." ~ George Orwell
"At age 50, every man has the face he deserves." ~ George Orwell
"On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good and not quite all the time." ~ George Orwell
"Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket." ~ George Orwell
"Liberal: a power worshipper without power." ~ George Orwell
"Political language - and with variations this is true of all political parties, from Conservatives to Anarchists - is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind." ~ George Orwell
"Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past." ~ George Orwell
"If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear." ~ George Orwell
"We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm." ~ George Orwell
"Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture. The object of power is power." ~ George Orwell
"War is a way of shattering to pieces, or pouring into the stratosphere, or sinking in the depths of the sea, materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable, and hence, in the long run, too intelligent." ~ George Orwell
"Learning is knowledge, knowledge is wisdom, wisdom is knowing, knowing is learning." ~ 
"Intellectual honesty is laborious, but inherently rewarding" ~ Bit101
"Convenience is the death of cognition" ~ 
"Repetition is the mother of learning" ~ Rob Muhlestein
"One thought includes all thought, in the sense that a grain of sand includes the universe" ~ S. T. Coleridge
"Our thought is the key which unlocks the doors of the world. There is something in us which corresponds to that which is around us, beneath us, and above us." ~ Samuel McChord Crothers
"Nothing in the universe so solid as a thought." ~ Emerson
"Thinkers help other people to think, for they formulate what others are thinking. No person writes or thinks alone - thought is in the air, but its expression is necessary to create a tangible Spirit of the Times." ~ Elbert Hubbard
"Thought alone is eternal." ~ Owen Meredith
"It is thought, and thought alone, that divides right from wrong; it is thought, and thought only, that elevates or degrades human deeds and desires." ~ George Moore
"Philosophy - the thoughts of men about human thinking, reasoning and imagining, and the real values in human existence." Charles W. Eliot
"Philosophy is doubt." ~ Montaigne
"I am one, you are two, and together we makes four." ~ Three
"Sharing is caring, but caring is priceless." ~ Inanc Gumus
"The most precious gift one can give is ones time." ~ 
"But it was charging death itself on his pale horse" ~ Daniel Defoe
"Damned if you do, damned if you dont." ~ Unknown
"I can change almost anything, but I cant change human nature." ~ Dr. Manhattan
"My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!" ~ Ozymandias
"All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die." ~ Roy Batty
"Nothing is the worst thing one could wish upon another, for the worst thing is a thing no more." ~ 
"A dreadful plague in London was, in the year sixty-five, which swept an hundred thousand souls away; yet I alive." ~ Henry Foe
"Howl howl gargle howl gargle howl howl howl gargle howl gargle howl howl gargle gargle howl gargle gargle gargle howl slurrp uuuurgh should have a good time." ~ Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz
"Meanwhile, the poor Babel fish, by effectively removing all barriers to communication between different races and culture, has caused more and bloodier wars than anything else in the history of creation." ~ The Hitch Hikers Guide to the Galaxy
"Youre turning into a penguin. Stop it." ~ Arthur Dent
"Here I am, brain the size of a planet and they ask me to take you down to the bridge." ~ Marvin
"I wonder if it will be friends with me?" ~ An improbable sperm whale
"Oh no, not again." ~ Bowl of petunias
"My name is not important." ~ Slartibartfast
"Im mine." ~ Marvin
"Its a sort of electronic sulking machine." ~ Arthur Dent
"I spare not a single unit of thought on these cybernetic simpletons!" ~ Deep Thought
"Forty-two." ~ Deep Thought
"Thoughts are alive." ~ 
"Thoughts should never be static, but polymorphic." ~ 
"Glory, built on selfish principles, is shame and guilt." ~ Cowper
"While we read history, we make history." ~ G. W. Curtis
"You cannot make a crab walk straight." ~ Aristophanes
"Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen." ~ Mark Twain
"Autonomy is synonymous with spontaneous." ~ 
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." ~ Albert Einstein
"Simple, not simplistic" ~ 
"Emojis are a way of adding emotion to text." ~ 
"As little possible, as much necessary." ~ R. Daneel Olivaw
"No, sir, but I had a job to do and I did it - without sparing myself." ~ Amadiro
"One thinks, forgets, remembers, and repeats." ~ 
"Live and cherish every moment, before you know it, its gone." ~ 
"Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours." ~ John Locke
"Love is a mutual arising of two." ~ 
"Talking of love is making it." ~ W. G. Benham
"Socrates is dear to me, but dearer still is truth." ~ Aristotle
"If you will take my advice, you will think little of Socrates, and a great deal more of truth." ~ Socrates
